the biggest failure that I have had, and I don't even know if it is really
a failure. I really believe it's a lesson eso going up for Senior
Chief, I think I've done that. I've put in a package, uh, for Senior
Chief maybe five times. And each time I started to question myself
like some of us do. And, um, you almost feel like you're failing,
because in your mind, you're you're doing everything that you need
to do as you know, to stay competitive in this organization, um, and
to just take care of your sailors and your peers. And I think for me,
the biggest failure was, uh, the fact that I questioned myself on
guy, You get to a point where you don't feel like you're worthy of
of of promotion. Andi, I think for me, that was the failure on my part.
I could tell the story and maybe encourage others. But then the
self reflection I have for myself and feeling that way, um, second guessing
myself. And that was a failure to me. What I learned from that
is, even though I question myself and I was, uh, I did my self reflection.
I also learned that there's growth in that, Um, and it makes
me a better person both personally and professionally. So although
it didn't seem like a failure, the story doesn't seem like a failure
because maybe it's personal, But for me, it made me feel some type
of way and cause me to feel like it was It's part of being a failure,
but I grew from it.